(feat) Variables from comments (#1512)
mtxr/vscode-sqltools: docs/src/pages/en/features/executing-queries.mdx

**NOTE**: this is just a string replacement, and therefore, you can execute
subqueries using this replacement. You can also change the query columns/filters
itself.

> **TIP**: You can also set a parameters for queries at the top of the the file using `-- @var :name = '%e%'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**TIP**: You can also set parameters for a query by preceding it with comment lines `-- @var :name = '%e%'`. Parameter values set in comments take priority over values set in the connection definition.
```
